Prompt :  // The last mango of the summer + the best moment of your life //

                                best mango of the summer 

Is this really the best I have?
Am I the only one oblivious to the fact that this is the best I'll ever have ?

How would I even know if this really was the best I have 
Would it taste sweeter than the others or would the birds chirp more, 
would the trees seem greeener, or would it finally not be bore, 
would the roads seem prettier, or would the waves sing by the shore. 

Is this really the best I have? 

what if this really is the best I have?
I can't eat it then , can I? 

Should I store it forever and appreciate its view ?
am I good enough for the best, for its charm that it drew? 
maybe i dont deserve the sweetest mango, only a few do. 

As I sat in the crotch of a withering mango tree,
Fruits hung ripe, each one a dream to be.
unable to choose the sweetest, the prettiest,the best, the truest view
as they wrinkled and fell onto my shoe
and in the end, the fear of losing you 
has finally ended by losing you. 





Sylvia Plath : "I saw my life branching out before me like the green fig tree in the story. From the tip of every branch, like a fat purple fig, a wonderful future beckoned and winked. One fig was a husband and a happy home and children, and another fig was a famous poet and another fig was a brilliant professor, and another fig was Ee Gee, the amazing editor, and another fig was Europe and Africa and South America, and another fig was Constantin and Socrates and Attila and a pack of other lovers with queer names and offbeat professions, and another fig was an Olympic lady crew champion, and beyond and above these figs were many more figs I couldn't quite make out. I saw myself sitting in the crotch of this fig tree, starving to death, just because I couldn't make up my mind which of the figs I would choose. I wanted each and every one of them, but choosing one meant losing all the rest, and, as I sat there, unable to decide, the figs began to wrinkle and go black, and, one by one, they plopped to the ground at my feet."
